welcome to the step is tutorial please
allow my family and I to introduce you
to the essence of Italy
they'll world family recipes and cozy
atmosphere this place is only open for
two years it looks like something from
the 1970s would you recommend my darling
I would recommend the eggplant rollatini
that's our house specialty okay great
and I'll start off with the potato skins
and the octopus salad okay and I'll keep
holding the menu cuz I'm here I'm gonna
read on ok thank you so much you're
welcome
essence obviously my house salad yeah
potato skins okay that's first and out
guide you through when I saw Chef Ramsay
ordered I could put a lattice every part
of me wanted to say we're out of it you
please take the salad out of the window
please
but how would that look mmm that was
quick yeah I didn't think you might
enjoy thank you adults I'm rabbi
excuse me
Jesus Christ like a mouthful Baba
she'll be done in their frame yeah very
slowly let me get this I think it is
I've heard people say that before would
you be my guest just so hear good things
my not very tough mm-hmm when I tasted
it I'm like oh my gosh we serve this
[ __ ]
I mean basically that's what it was
that's what it tasted like horrible
octopuses chewy horrible and how are the
potato skins the cheese's hideous that
gun yeah we're done finally no I don't
these are hideous
cheese's disgusting always Greg about
how good my food is and I'm good my
restaurant is and then I'll step up to
the plate I am going to cook every
individual there in this restaurant
furthermore girl for me yeah
it plant rolling teeny thanks thank you
I think you so much one I mean that's my
personal things so much well I you know
I make a new one company identify new
flavors because it's just absolutely
piping home almost like it's been new
tuna microwave for three minutes
I can cook every dish that en and I
guarantee you is gonna love every one I
want one that's gonna only man then why
aren't you back here
what because maybe they should try you
all see it they don't what's going on
honestly Sandler is a war going on it's
incredible and there's many [ __ ]
complaints in two [ __ ] years relax my
ass
[Music]
- [ __ ] years